cover the stage next this next lady is
love related she'll be performing in the
company store coming up let's give her a
big ice house call come let's hear it
have easy hello hey haha especially to
all of my friends who promised a laugh
so I'm going to be sending a copy of
this showed my parents and I call them
to warn that there may be a lil swearing
on my part to which my dad's response
was oh honey no no I don't understand if
you never used to swear it's been we
tended to vending myself dad I was where
my everyday life
yeah don't you know look at the Cosby
he's funny he doesn't swear now keep in
mind that my parents are 80 years old
and are teetering on that fine line
between life and death I want my
swearing on stage to be the thing that
you know we should run into the life
being a good Japanese have a daughter
life I mean fucking I didn't in it right
I'm an only child and raise your laser
precision importance I actually picked
Japanese boy to lose my virginity to you
because you know I fuck him on her
hey
takeyama class has been very interesting
I find that my friends divide
immediately on this line I have all my
sounds they're completely paranoid that
I'm used any aspect of their life in my
routine which I will Jen
why all the people that want to help you
you know they are just like hey you can
use that hey I'm copy with the red line
and he said some stupid monkeys I hate
you can use that anything else I carry
around the joke notebook which I write
down all my brilliant ideas so talk
table Jesus like oh looks like thank you
what you're really running down is no
street please so I am a new leaf horse
and for my friends finding this out
tonight
yeah I actually thought I was going to
be on that happy merry train for the
rest of my life when I showed up to the
tikati was like divorce and then they'll
get shoved back into the loser trained
eye can see the merry-go-round oh that's
my train over there sit down I can see
them they're a drinking champagne and
all happy and I'm like sitting there
visible with my wine from a box and
we're gonna lose pretty mental semi
accidents wildly happy soul
and really force freshly single with the
hands of it oh yeah I didn't come to
find the dating pool and Los Angeles is
very shallow and needs chlorine but
actually I am in a really great
relationship right now it's in that um
you know that sort of beginning awkward
stalker phase we play this cute little
games you know where he keeps moving and
I keep trying to find in the internet
I am the love of his life he descended
me life
but may starve arising um you know I
think that you want that extra step to
show up in person to sign the
restraining order I've seen the chin
hairs all right daddy thank you so much